[Hugo] Add archetype for tutorial template (#14897)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/fundamentals/reference/developer-spotlight.md

1. Easy for anyone to follow.
2. Technically accurate.
3. Entirely original, written only by you.

> Written following Cloudflare’s documentation style guide. For more information, please visit our [style guide documentation](/style-guide/) and our [tutorial style guide documentation](/style-guide/documentation-content-strategy/content-types/tutorial/#template)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Written following Cloudflare's documentation style guide. For more information, please visit our [style guide documentation](/style-guide/) and our [tutorial style guide documentation](/style-guide/documentation-content-strategy/content-types/tutorial/#template)
```
